WORK LOG:
I was in charge of creating the front end for our site. The start of the process involved taking inspiration from the constitution site that was linked in the lab and trying to figure out how to make it more unique/our own/give more constitution vibes. This ended up resulting in a color scheme that featured a variety of browns, a font that I spent way too long on google fonts looking for that I thought looked ye olde as well as a feather pen icon in the header, and a layout that equally split the view of the constitution and the interpretations while still including the history in a way that did not overwhelm the website overall. After this, I slowly began creating the header, messing with various color shades and font sizes, and trying to be very clear on what the web page is about without being TOO in your face about it. I then worked creating the constitution section, pulling the articles and amendments from the government site and trying to format it in a way that was not too overwhelming to look at. This was probably the part that took the longest to figure out, and after thinking for quite a while, I eventually ended up settling on a scroll bar where the document can scroll but the web page as a whole does not. I thought it was kinda cool and was a decent solution so I did it :). Then came the time for the interpretations. Though I was not responsible for the interpretations themselves, I did create the section on the right hand side of the web page where they would be featured. I at first considered making this scrollable like the constitution on the left hand side but thought it might be hard to sync the two halved together. In the end, I decided to make each section of the constitution clickable that would make the corresponding interpretation pop up using some java script magic (which was also not my job. I just told someone else to do it and a few hours later it worked. MAGIC). Afterwards, I decided to add some quality of life by adding a clickable menu at the bottom of the constitution to jump to a specific section for convenience, and then some final formatting later to make sure it didn't look TOO terrible, I was done. Overall, 8.5 out of 10. Would do again.

REFERENCES:
- Font: Quintessential by Google Fonts
- Feather Icon: FontAwesome 
- Constitution Document and Inspiration: constitution.congress.gov/constitution/